n "You hear a knock on the door"
        p "Hello?"
        h "Did you forget I was coming? Anyway, hey PEA, what's up?"

        p "Not much, just relaxing after a long day working. What about you?"

        h "I'm good, just got home from the grocery store. As a treat, I'm making dinner tonight as, what do you want?"

        p "Anything is fine with me."

        h "Know what? I'll make your favorite, spaghetti and meatballs."

        p "Oh man, that sounds delicious! I can't wait to eat it."

        h "It'll be ready in about an hour. In the meantime, why don't you go take a shower and get changed?"

        p "Sounds good, I'll be right back."
        n "You take a shower"
        p "OK, I'm all cleaned up and ready to eat."

        h "Great! Dinner is almost ready."
        n "Dinner is served, and it looks delicous"
        h "Here you go, bon appetit!"


        h "You're welcome! I'm glad you like it."
        "So, how was your day at work?"

        p "Oh, what I meant by work earlier was that it was 'hard work' moving all my stuff into this room."

        h "Oh, cool"
		
		n " The girl presented before you is your long time friend from you home Ava"
		  " Why dont you ask her a question"
		  
		menu: 
        "What should I say?"

        "WOW! This spagetti is Delicious my compliments to the chef! This is even better than your mothers!":
            jump Choice_1

        "This spagetti is pretty good but its not as good as how your mom makes it.":
            jump Choice_2
			
		label Choice_1:
		
		h "Wow thank you for the compliment. She told me that I would need to learn her famous recipe if i was going to be feeding you all the time."
		
		p "Hey I can cook for myself"
		
		n "Deep down you know you cant even use a microwave."
		
		n "Some time passes and you guys find yourselfs on the bed"
		
		  "Ava faces you and talks with a shyness in her."
		
		h "Hey PEA can you promise me that things will never change between us"
		
		h "Like keep things the same way as when we were kids?"
		
		menu: 
        "What should I say?"

        "I promise":
            

        "I cant guarantee that.":
            
		
		end scene one
		
		label Choice_2:
		
		n "she pouts at this remark."
		
		h " Well thats just rude."
		
		n "She start waking you with the ladel shes been holding."
		
		p "Hey Hey watch where your swinging that thing"
		
		n "she chases you around for awhile but you both end up lying on your bed huffing and puffing."
		
		h "hey"
		
		n "Ava is now facing you."
		
		h "Promise me you'll never grow up."
		
		menu: 
        "What should I say?"

        "I promise":
            

        "I cant guarantee that.":
            
		
		end scene one