n "You start the day rejuvinated."
  "This is it finally moved in and on your own."
  "You dont have any classes today and think about exploring the beach." 
  "unfortunatly Ava has classes during the day for if you would want to go with her."
  "Do you wait or go by yourself."
  
  menu: 
        "What should I do?"

        "I should go by myself before it gets to packed.":
            jump Choice_3

        "I could use some study time and wait for Ava":
            jump Choice_4
			
	lable Choice_3:
	
	n "You sit on the part of the beach where the waves just brush your feet."
	  "Not many people are here because most are at school."
	  "Then almost out of thin air a woman appears beside you.
	  
	o "Is this grain of sand taken"
	
	n "She sits down before you can answer."
	  "You squeak out a few words from your shock from her intrussion of your peace."
	  
	p "Who are you."

    o "My name is Olivia and I live right their."

    n "Pridefully, she points at a fairly nice looking beach house"

    p "Well my names PEA and I was sitting right here"

    n "She giggles."

	o "Your funny Pea but I couldn't help myself from coming over by how lonely you looked."
	
	o "Say why dont we do something fun"
	
	p "fun?"
	
	o "you know like play a game or tan and not just sit here"
	
	p " Isn't tanning just sitting with extra steps."
	
	o "yeah but you look better after."
	
	  menu: 
        "What should we do?"

        "We should play games.":
            jump Choice_3.1

        "We should get a tan.":
            jump Choice_3.2
			
	  lable Choice_3.1:
	  
	  n "You two decide to spend the whole day playing games in the water"
	    "It feels as though you've made your first friend sence coming to college."
		
	  o "I had a ton of fun playing with you today."
	  
	  p "I can second that."
	  
	  o "Maybe we could do this again sometime"
	     
	  
	  menu: 
        "Shall we?"

        "Yeah maybe we could go to the mall.":
            jump Choice_5

        "Well im pretty busy with school but maybe some other time.":
            jump Choice_7
			
	  lable Choice_3.2:
	  
	  n "You two decide to tan in the sun."
	  n "Now of course you can only tan for about 45min."
	    "You spend the rest of the day inside her house that she suprisingly owns, watching movies."
	  	
	 	 o "I had a ton of fun playing with you today."
	  
	  p "I can second that."
	  
	  o "Maybe we could do this again sometime"
	     
	  
	  menu: 
        "Shall we?"

        "Yeah maybe we could go to the mall.":
            jump Choice_5

        "Well im pretty busy with school but maybe some other time.":
            jump Choice_7
	  
	  label Choice_4
	  
	  n "You spend the day studying"
	    "aka you browse youtube videos and write a script for a weird dating sim."
		
	  n "Then the knock you've been waiting all day for happens"
	  
	  h "Hey sorry for being late my professor found it nessasary to go over all 10110 pages of the syllabus"

	  p "Enough talk beach time."
	  
	  n "You say almost menicingly."
	  
	  n "You arrive at the beach and its bustiling with activity."
	  
	  h "Do you want to get some ice cream or go strait to the waves."
	  
	  menu: 
        "What shall we do?"

        "lets get some ice cream.":
            jump Choice_4.1

        "Lets hit the waves SURFS UP":
            jump Choice_4.2
			
	  label Choice_4.1:
      
      n "You get in line for ice cream."
      
      n "And you wait."
        "And wait.
        "And..."
        "Wait"

      h "Will this ever end"

      P "Only god knows"

      n "Finally after what felt like 10 years of waiting you reach the ice cream stand."
        "drooling your you see the delicious....and they just closed."

      h "this has got to be the worst beach day ever"

      p "Hey at least we can look back and laugh at this in the future."
 
      h "maybe we could go somewhere else next time?"

	  menu: 
        "What shall we do?"

        "Yeah maybe we can hit up the mall next":
            jump Choice_6

        "Well im pretty busy with school after today but maybe I can find a day.":
            jump Choice_7
			
	  label Choice_4.2
	  
	  n "You make a mad dash for the waves"
	    "sadly you both left your Boards at home."
	
	  h "hey we always could just wave jump."
	  
	  n "You spend the entire day wave jumping and having a blast in the sun."
	  
	  h " Wow that was awesome."
	  
	  p "totally"
	  
	  p " You know I actually hate sand its course rough and gets everywhere."
	  
	  h "Okay anakin, anywho we should do something like this again sometime."
	  
	  menu: 
        "What shall we do?"

        "Yeah maybe we can hit up the mall next":
            jump Choice_6

        "Well im pretty busy with school after today but maybe I can find a day.":
            jump Choice_7